PWR002: Add Fortran example using BLOCK (#9)
codee-com/open-catalog: Checks/PWR002/README.md

#### Fortran

> Fortran 2008 introduced the `BLOCK` construct. This feature is rather
> convenient to create sections of code for enhanced readability in larger
> programs. Conveniently, it supports new variable declarations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fortran 2008 introduced the `BLOCK` construct. This feature allows to organize
code within larger programs by grouping sections together. Conveniently, the
`BLOCK` construct supports declaring variables within those sections, further pro
```

What do you think? This avoids repeating "convenient" in the same paragraph.

Author: Done! :)
